C is standing in the office room, then walks sideways and stops as he writes on the whiteboard using the marker in his right hand. 
C is standing in the kitchen as he pours the water in the kettle into the mug using his left hand while holding a tissue in his right hand. 
C is standing by the kitchen counter while holding a cup of cream with her right hand and moving the bowl on top of the counter with her left hand. Afterwards, C picks up the baking pan from the counter with her left hand while still holding a cup of cream with her right hand.
C is walking along the hallway together with her peer.
C is sitting on the sofa with both elbows resting on both his laps while he holds the wooden piece with his left hand as he puts another wooden piece on top of the wooden piece held by his left hand with his right hand in the living room.
C is in a kneeling position on the yoga mat in the living area with both hands pressed against the yoga mat on the floor as he does a yoga exercise. Afterwards, C briefly lifts his left hand and then presses his left hand against the yoga mat on the floor again.
C is standing in the laundry, turning to the right, exits the laundry area and walks towards the hallway.
C is walking in the woods.
C is standing in the living area with his body bent forward while holding a board game with his right hand then C turns to the left as C straightens up his body and holds the board game with both of his hands. C talks with his peer then walks sideways to the right as C bends his body forward and puts the board game on the center table with both of his hands.
C is leaning forward while sitting on the sofa in the living room with his left elbow on his lap and while holding the whiteboard in front of him with his left hand as he picks up the marker from the center table with his right hand, slightly straightens up as he rests his right elbow on his lap, touches the side of the whiteboard with his right hand, lifts his right elbow from his lap as he wipes the whiteboard using the sleeve on his right arm, and then rests his right elbow on his lap as he talks to his colleague. 
